index.md, before:

## Welcome to the World Bank's FCV Data Collection Tutorials

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Gabe-Levin/FCV_DataCollectionTutorials/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Mobile

<button name="button" onclick="http://www.google.com" style="width:75%;padding:9px 18px;font-size: 16px; box-shadow: 0 8px 16px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.2), 0 6px 20px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.19);margin: 0 auto;display: block;">Click Here to Access the Mobile Phone Module</button>


Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Drones

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Gabe-Levin/FCV_DataCollectionTutorials/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Remote Sensing

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Adding additional buttons and explanatory text

index.md, after:

## Welcome to the World Bank's FCV Data Collection Tutorials

On this site you can find training material related to how to integrate modern data collection processes into a variety of development projects. There tutorials are focused on three primary data collection methods: Modile Phone data, Satelite imagery, and Drone imagery. Below you can find links to each of these modules, along with additional learning material at the bottom of the page. 

These training materials were developed by the World Bank in partnership with XXXX and YYYY in 2021. Please feel free to reach out to the World Bank's [Geospatial Operational Support Team (GOST)](https://www.worldbank.org/en/research/brief/geospatial-operations-support-team-at-the-world-bank) for questions following the completion of the training modules below. 

### Mobile

In this module, you will learn how mobile phone technologies are creating new opportunities to generate, collect, and use data for development insights in fragile settings. You will learn how big mobile data that is passively generated from the use of basic mobile phones and location enabled smartphone applications can be repurposed for development insights. You will also learn how mobile technologies are being used to improve active data collection in the field and remotely. For example, how enumerators use tablets and smartphones to enhance household surveys conducted in the field, or how the rise in global cell phone usage is making it easier to collect survey data remotely. You will explore case studies to understand how develpment data products based on mobile location data can deliver higher resolution insights in areas like human desplacement, poverty measurements and service delivery. Finally, you will learn principles and practices for responsibly using modile data in development work.

<button name="button" onclick="http://www.google.com" style="width:75%;padding:9px 18px;font-size: 16px; box-shadow: 0 8px 16px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.2), 0 6px 20px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.19);margin: 0 auto;display: block;">Click Here to Access the Mobile Phone Module</button>


### Remote Sensing

In this module, we will learn about the basics of satellite imagery and remote sensing, and how such data can be applied to development projects. We will learn about the key terms related to remote sensing, and examine how to acquire the right images by learning how to properly define key objectives. We will also explore when remote sensing may not be the right data for your project needs. And finally, we will explore various case studies to observe how projects have utilized this data in different ways.
 
<button name="button" onclick="http://www.google.com" style="width:75%;padding:9px 18px;font-size: 16px; box-shadow: 0 8px 16px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.2), 0 6px 20px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.19);margin: 0 auto;display: block;">Click Here to Access the Remote Sensing Module</button>


### Drone

In this module, you will learn some basic information related to drones, as well as how to decide if drone imagery is the appropriate solution for your project, and if so, how to acquire the necessary images. Finally, you will examine the risks associated with using drones in a projectfor image collection and the safety measures that should be taken to ensure drones are used responsibly.  

<button name="button" onclick="http://www.google.com" style="width:75%;padding:9px 18px;font-size: 16px; box-shadow: 0 8px 16px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.2), 0 6px 20px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.19);margin: 0 auto;display: block;">Click Here to Access the Drone Module</button>

<!--
```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Gabe-Levin/FCV_DataCollectionTutorials/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
-->
